kie-wb/kie-wb-distribution-wars/src/main/was8/README.md, before:

Websphere deployment instructions
========================================

This document explains how to deploy a KIE Workbench distribution file (_kie-wb-was8.war_) on WebSphere Application Server 8.

Open the WebSphere's Administration Console _http://127.0.0.1:9060/ibm/console_

Then login (if you have administrative security setup)

Before deploy the war file, some server configurations are required:

Increase JVM memory size
------------------------------

Go to _Servers > Server Types > WAS app servers_

Go to _MyServer > Server Infrastructure > Process Definition > Java Virtual Machine_

Set the JVM max. heap size to a value greater than 1024 Mb. Otherwise, with the default values, WAS freezes while deploying the war.

Security settings
------------------------------

The following settings are required in order to enable the container managed authentication mechanisms provided by the app. server.

Go to **_Security > Global security_**

   Ensure the option _Enable Application security_ is checked.

Go to **_Users and groups > Manage groups_**

   Create 5 groups: admin, analyst, developer, manager, user

Go to **_Users and groups > Manage users_**

   Create a single user and add to it the 5 roles above.

**Register the SSL certificate from Github.com**

This is needed in order to enable repository cloning from Github.
This is the case of the kie-wb repository examples which are fetched from Github. To do so:

- Go to _Security > SSL Certificate and Key Management > Manage endpoint security configurations_
- Go to _Outbound section_. Go to your server node within the tree. Select the _HTTP_ subnode.
- Go to _Related Items > Key Stores and certificates_
- Select the row in the table named _NodeDefaultTrustStore_
- Go to _Additional properties > Signer certificates_
- Click button _Retrieve from port_
- Fill out the form with these values: _Host=github.com, Port=443, Alias=github.com_
- Click on _Retrieve signer information_ button, then _Ok_, and finally, _Save_ to master configuration.


Configure a data source
--------------------------------

The application requires a datasource which must be created prior to the deployment of the WAR:

**Create the JDBC provider**

  - Left side panel, click on _Resources > JDBC > JDBC Providers_
  - Select the appropriate scope and click on the _New_ button.
  - Fill out the form. For non-listed database types (i.e: _H2, Postgres & Mysql_) you need to provide the path to the JDBC driver jar plus the following class name:

          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
          | Database   |  Implementation class name                                  |
          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
          | H2         | org.h2.jdbcx.JdbcDataSource                                 |
          | Postgres   | org.postgresql.xa.PGXADataSource                            |
          | Mysql      | com.mysql.jdbc.jdbc2.optional.MysqlConnectionPoolDataSource |
          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

   When you finish, click _Ok_. If there are no data entry errors, you should be back at the list of JDBC Providers, where you should now see your new provider displayed.

**Create the data source**

  - Left side panel, click on _Resources > JDBC > Data sources_
  - Select the appropriate scope and click on the _New_ button.
  - Fill out the creation form. Set the following JNDI name _jdbc/jbpm_
    (must match the data source defined in the _persistence.xml_ file contained in the _kie-wb.war_)
  - Select the existing JDBC provider you created. Click _Next_.
  - Keep clicking _Next_ until _Finish_.
  - Save to master configuration.
  - Edit the datasource you just created and click on the _Custom properties_ link.
  - Edit and fill the appropriate values required to set-up the connection. This depends on the database type.

           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+
           | Database   | Datasource custom properties                         |
           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+
           | H2         | URL, user, password                                  |
           | Postgres   | serverName, databaseName, portNumber, user, password |
           | Mysql      | serverName, databaseName, port, user, password       |
           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+

Configure JMS resources
--------------------------
**Create JMS Connection factories**
Please note that before configuring JMS Connection factories, you have to had configured Service Integration Bus first.
Note: These are just example names and they can be configured as needed

- KIE.RESPONSE.ALL - to receive all responses produced by bpms
    assigned JNDI name needs to be set as one of JVM custom properties (kie.services.jms.queues.response)
- KIE.INPUT  - to send messages to bpms
    assigned JNDI name will be used when sending messages over JMS

  - Left side panel click on *Resources > JMS > Connection factories > New > Default messaging provider*
  - Provide the name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_ and _jms/conn/KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_)
  - Choose the bus name

**Create JMS Queues**
- KIE.AUDIT - for asynchronous audit log
- KIE.RESPONSE.ALL - for bpms responses
- KIE.SESSION - for ksession based operations
- KIE.TASK - for task based operations

  - Left side panel click on _Resources > JMS > Queues > New_, select _Default messaging provider_
  - Provide a name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.AUDIT_ and _jms/queue/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Choose the bus name
  - Choose _Create Service Bus Integration Destination_, follow the wizard and select the newly created queue name
  - Click _OK_

**Create JMS Activation specifications**
- KIE.AUDIT - for asynchronous audit log
- KIE.SESSION - for ksession based operations
- KIE.TASK - for task based operations

  - Left side panel click on _Resources > JMS > Activation specifications > New_, select _Default messaging provider_
  - Provide a name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.AUDIT_ and _jms/activation/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Select _Queue_ as _Destination type_, provide JNDI name of the corresponding queue (e.g. _jms/queue/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Choose the bus name
  - Click _OK_

JVM Custom properties
--------------------------
**Additional JVM properties**
- jbpm.ut.jndi.lookup  - jta/usertransaction -- allows to look up user transaction from within non managed threads, e.g. timers
- kie.services.jms.queues.response - {JNDI_NAME} -- JNDI name of the response queue for JMS remote API

Deploy the application
--------------------------

**Upload the WAR file**

  - Left side panel click on *Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications*
  - Click on _Install_, select the _kie-wb-was8.war_ file from your local filesystem. Click _Next_
  - From here, you will be asked with several deployments settings.
  - You'll need to select the datasource created above as the datasource to be used by the application.
  - Screen *Bind listeners for message-driven beans* - select for every bean *Activation Specification* and fill the corresponding activation specification JNDI name into *Target Resource JNDI Name* (e.g. _jms/activation/KIE.SESSION_). You may also specify *Destination JNDI name* using JNDI name of the appropriate JMS queue (e.g. _jms/queue/KIE.SESSION_).
  - We also recommend to set is the context path of the webapp to _kie-wb_.
  - Screen *Map resource references to resources* - for both beans provide JNDI name of KIE.RESPONSE.ALL connection factory (e.g. _jms/conn/KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_).
  - Click _Next_ until finished.

**App. settings**

Go to _Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications > kie-wb app > Security role to user/group mapping_

   - Select the five BPMS roles: admin, analyst, developer, manager, user.
   - Click on _Map Special Subjects_ and select the _All Authenticated in Application's Realm_ option.

Go to _Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications > kie-wb app > Class loading and update detection_

Ensure the following radio buttons are checked:

* _Classes loaded with local class loader first (parent last)_
* _Single class loader for application_


Save the configurations to the master and restart the server.

Once restarted you should be able to access the kie-wb application by typing the following URL: _http://http://localhost:9081/kie-wb_

Commit message:

BZ-1085421 - Unable to create deployment unit via REST in Business-Central deployed on WebSphere

kie-wb/kie-wb-distribution-wars/src/main/was8/README.md, after:

Websphere deployment instructions
========================================

This document explains how to deploy a KIE Workbench distribution file (_kie-wb-was8.war_) on WebSphere Application Server 8.

Open the WebSphere's Administration Console _http://127.0.0.1:9060/ibm/console_

Then login (if you have administrative security setup)

Before deploy the war file, some server configurations are required:

Increase JVM memory size
------------------------------

Go to _Servers > Server Types > WAS app servers_

Go to _MyServer > Server Infrastructure > Process Definition > Java Virtual Machine_

Set the JVM max. heap size to a value greater than 1024 Mb. Otherwise, with the default values, WAS freezes while deploying the war.

Security settings
------------------------------

The following settings are required in order to enable the container managed authentication mechanisms provided by the app. server.

Go to **_Security > Global security_**

   Ensure the option _Enable Application security_ is checked.

Go to **_Users and groups > Manage groups_**

   Create 5 groups: admin, analyst, developer, manager, user

Go to **_Users and groups > Manage users_**

   Create a single user and add to it the 5 roles above.

**Register the SSL certificate from Github.com**

This is needed in order to enable repository cloning from Github.
This is the case of the kie-wb repository examples which are fetched from Github. To do so:

- Go to _Security > SSL Certificate and Key Management > Manage endpoint security configurations_
- Go to _Outbound section_. Go to your server node within the tree. Select the _HTTP_ subnode.
- Go to _Related Items > Key Stores and certificates_
- Select the row in the table named _NodeDefaultTrustStore_
- Go to _Additional properties > Signer certificates_
- Click button _Retrieve from port_
- Fill out the form with these values: _Host=github.com, Port=443, Alias=github.com_
- Click on _Retrieve signer information_ button, then _Ok_, and finally, _Save_ to master configuration.


Configure a data source
--------------------------------

The application requires a datasource which must be created prior to the deployment of the WAR:

**Create the JDBC provider**

  - Left side panel, click on _Resources > JDBC > JDBC Providers_
  - Select the appropriate scope and click on the _New_ button.
  - Fill out the form. For non-listed database types (i.e: _H2, Postgres & Mysql_) you need to provide the path to the JDBC driver jar plus the following class name:

          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
          | Database   |  Implementation class name                                  |
          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
          | H2         | org.h2.jdbcx.JdbcDataSource                                 |
          | Postgres   | org.postgresql.xa.PGXADataSource                            |
          | Mysql      | com.mysql.jdbc.jdbc2.optional.MysqlConnectionPoolDataSource |
          +------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

   When you finish, click _Ok_. If there are no data entry errors, you should be back at the list of JDBC Providers, where you should now see your new provider displayed.

**Create the data source**

  - Left side panel, click on _Resources > JDBC > Data sources_
  - Select the appropriate scope and click on the _New_ button.
  - Fill out the creation form. Set the following JNDI name _jdbc/jbpm_
    (must match the data source defined in the _persistence.xml_ file contained in the _kie-wb.war_)
  - Select the existing JDBC provider you created. Click _Next_.
  - Keep clicking _Next_ until _Finish_.
  - Save to master configuration.
  - Edit the datasource you just created and click on the _Custom properties_ link.
  - Edit and fill the appropriate values required to set-up the connection. This depends on the database type.

           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+
           | Database   | Datasource custom properties                         |
           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+
           | H2         | URL, user, password                                  |
           | Postgres   | serverName, databaseName, portNumber, user, password |
           | Mysql      | serverName, databaseName, port, user, password       |
           +------------+------------------------------------------------------+

Configure JMS resources
--------------------------
**Create JMS Connection factories**
Please note that before configuring JMS Connection factories, you have to had configured Service Integration Bus first.
Note: These are just example names and they can be configured as needed

- KIE.RESPONSE.ALL - to receive all responses produced by bpms
    assigned JNDI name needs to be set as one of JVM custom properties (kie.services.jms.queues.response)
- KIE.INPUT  - to send messages to bpms
    assigned JNDI name will be used when sending messages over JMS

  - Left side panel click on *Resources > JMS > Connection factories > New > Default messaging provider*
  - Provide the name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_ and _jms/conn/KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_)
  - Choose the bus name

**Create JMS Queues**
- KIE.AUDIT - for asynchronous audit log
- KIE.RESPONSE.ALL - for bpms responses
- KIE.SESSION - for ksession based operations
- KIE.TASK - for task based operations

  - Left side panel click on _Resources > JMS > Queues > New_, select _Default messaging provider_
  - Provide a name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.AUDIT_ and _jms/queue/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Choose the bus name
  - Choose _Create Service Bus Integration Destination_, follow the wizard and select the newly created queue name
  - Click _OK_

**Create JMS Activation specifications**
- KIE.AUDIT - for asynchronous audit log
- KIE.SESSION - for ksession based operations
- KIE.TASK - for task based operations

  - Left side panel click on _Resources > JMS > Activation specifications > New_, select _Default messaging provider_
  - Provide a name, JNDI name (e.g. _KIE.AUDIT_ and _jms/activation/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Select _Queue_ as _Destination type_, provide JNDI name of the corresponding queue (e.g. _jms/queue/KIE.AUDIT_)
  - Choose the bus name
  - Click _OK_

JVM Custom properties
--------------------------
**Additional JVM properties**
- jbpm.ut.jndi.lookup  - jta/usertransaction -- allows to look up user transaction from within non managed threads, e.g. timers
- kie.services.jms.queues.response - {JNDI_NAME} -- JNDI name of the response queue for JMS remote API
- kie.services.rest.deploy.async - false -- instructs REST service to use synchronous mode to process deployments must be set for WebSphere due to issues with CDI on WAS 8.5

Deploy the application
--------------------------

**Upload the WAR file**

  - Left side panel click on *Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications*
  - Click on _Install_, select the _kie-wb-was8.war_ file from your local filesystem. Click _Next_
  - From here, you will be asked with several deployments settings.
  - You'll need to select the datasource created above as the datasource to be used by the application.
  - Screen *Bind listeners for message-driven beans* - select for every bean *Activation Specification* and fill the corresponding activation specification JNDI name into *Target Resource JNDI Name* (e.g. _jms/activation/KIE.SESSION_). You may also specify *Destination JNDI name* using JNDI name of the appropriate JMS queue (e.g. _jms/queue/KIE.SESSION_).
  - We also recommend to set is the context path of the webapp to _kie-wb_.
  - Screen *Map resource references to resources* - for both beans provide JNDI name of KIE.RESPONSE.ALL connection factory (e.g. _jms/conn/KIE.RESPONSE.ALL_).
  - Click _Next_ until finished.

**App. settings**

Go to _Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications > kie-wb app > Security role to user/group mapping_

   - Select the five BPMS roles: admin, analyst, developer, manager, user.
   - Click on _Map Special Subjects_ and select the _All Authenticated in Application's Realm_ option.

Go to _Applications > Application types > Websphere enterprise applications > kie-wb app > Class loading and update detection_

Ensure the following radio buttons are checked:

* _Classes loaded with local class loader first (parent last)_
* _Single class loader for application_


Save the configurations to the master and restart the server.

Once restarted you should be able to access the kie-wb application by typing the following URL: _http://http://localhost:9081/kie-wb_
